
PUT YOUR NAME HERE: Jordan Asman

NOTE: If you are working by yourself (no teammates), then use this file
(self_reflection_1.txt).  If you are working with teammates, then the order
of the names in your team repository determines who uses which of the three
self_reflection_X.txt files, as per this example:
   For team     csse120-202110-andersm3-morrisnc-sheerimm
     -- anderssm3 must use   self_reflection_1.txt
     -- morrisnc  must use   self_reflection_2.txt
     -- sheerimm  must use   self_reflection_3.txt
Another example:
   For team     csse120-202101-kintnecm-rams-harristj
     -- kintnecm  must use   self_reflection_1.txt
     -- rams      must use   self_reflection_2.txt
     -- harristj  must use   self_reflection_3.txt

Then answer the following questions.
Answers can be BRIEF, but we expect them to be THOUGHTFUL answers.

1.  Explain, in a sentence or two, something that SURPRISED you
    after you began working on your project.

    I was surprised that I struggled to get the hero to fall after jumping. It wasn't until I added a constant
    gravity effect that the falling worked how I wanted it to. I had to rearrange and move a lot of my code
    to fix the falling problem. I did not anticipate the falling portion to be as challenging as it was.

2.  Identify something that you would have done DIFFERENTLY in your project,
    with hindsight.  Then explain, in a short paragraph, how you did that
    something (in your actual project), how you would have done it differently,
    why you would do it differently, and how you would encourage yourself
    to do it (or its equivalent) differently in future projects.

    I would have changed the set-up of the crates and pirates so the game could have been more challenging as
    the levels progressed. I would have also made changes to the final level to make it a "final boss" type of
    level. The crates and pirates currently randomly spawn throughout the level for each level. I think adding pirates,
    allowing pirates to throw items, and stacking crates would have made the levels more challenging. For the final
    level, it is no different than the set-up of the levels leading up to it. Giving the hero special abilities
    or making the level harder to beat would have made the final level more of a "final boss" type level. For future
    projects, I think it would be good to think ahead so I can better plan my time so I have time to try to figure
    out how to make those changes to the project before it is due.

3.  Identify something that you are particularly PROUD of your work in your
    project.  Explain, in a short paragraph, what it is, why you are proud
    of it, and how you will encourage yourself to do it (or its equivalent)
    similarly in future projects.

    I am really proud of the scrolling background. I had wanted to make the background image move since the
    beginning of this project, but I knew it would be a lot of work and rather challenging. I pushed through
    the challenge and was able to get the background to move. Originally, the background scrolled constantly on its
    own. However, I wanted to make it move with the hero's movement. This meant I had to rework a lot of my code,
    and eventually make a class for the background itself. Since I put a lot of effort into getting the
    background to move with the character's movements, I an proud of how it turned out.